There are 4 red LEDs plus a blue LED.  The blue LED is under control of
the PC software and is generally meaningless from a board operation
point-of-view.  The provided stepmania and openitg drivers cause it to
mimic the bass neons.

The 4 red LEDs give some status about the board operation.  They are
numbered from right to left and are identified by the lettering on the
board as D3, D4, D5, and D6, though they're referred to as "LED1",
"LED2", "LED3", and "LED4", respectively.

LED1 is on for every 250 out of 1000 polls of the USB keyboard emulation
interface.  Since this interface is polled 1000 times per second (at all
times by Windows but only while being used under Linux), it should flash
once per second.

LED2 is similar to LED1 but reflects the "generic" (vendor specific) HID
interface.  This is what's generally used by custom input drivers.  Note
that most of these drivers disable keyboard event inputs, which will
cause LED1 to stop flashing when they're actually in use.

Note that LED1 and LED2 will flash at a rate that is dependent on the
actual attained poll rate of the device.  This can be used as a visual
indicator of your poll rate.  If they're flashing once per second,
you're at 1000Hz.  If it's every 2 seconds, you're polling at 500Hz.
While the board asks for 1000Hz, some OSes (the Ubuntu patched Linux
kernels seem the most common example) run somewhat slower, but
everything tested seems to do at least 500Hz, which is still probably
faster than any normal use could require.

LED3 is on for every 250 of 1000 USB start-of-frame packets received by
the board.  The USB specification requires that there be 1000 SOFs every
second.  Therefore, this LED should always flash once per second,
regardless of activity on LED1 or LED2, as long as USB is connected and
the OS running.  If it's doing something else, suspect a problem with
your OS or USB drivers.

LED4 is on whenever the board thinks it's receiving a "valid" video
signal and has the video passthrough function enabled.  This can be used
to verify that you're actually outputting the kind of video that you
think you are and/or that your DIP switch settings for video modes are
correct.  Note that if you have the DIP switches set to "free range",
this LED will always be on as the board considers any signal (even no
